hey everybody is Angela real from AR
reviews so today is day 28 of my
resolution plan and I lost two pounds
this week so now I'm down to 202 pounds
i thought i would be down you know below
199 at least but no but one thing I've
discovered is that I have to exercise
once i started my exercise and then you
know the weight start for a resolution
you really do have to work out you have
to drink plenty of water and of course
you have to stay within the 1200 calorie
range i stayed closer to like 750 or 800
but nonetheless i'm still happy my body
is still you know reshaping so that's
good my waist went down like another
inch the hips went down a half an inch
and i'm also starting to lose some you
know under the you know under the but
that area right there my pants are
starting to be loose so i can't wait for
the hips to go down a little bit more
but you know i'm patient and I have
every confidence by the summer I'm going
to be ultra fab I didn't experiment with
any new recipes this week I've been
boring and bland but I did say I was
going to try muftak think i'm going to
try with like quinoa that should be
interesting and um I think I want to try
my um goes that bread that I made flexi
bread want to try it a different way
this time and see if I can make a
chewier that's it that's all I have
nothing really exciting I just wanted to
say day 28 down two more pounds think
you can tell looking good tummy tummy is
flat I can't even front however the but
it has a life of the song so let's just
go take a little time but nonetheless
you know again if you have any questions
you can always email me at mighty rocks
@ gmail.com and or you can always
just comment on the video i hope you
guys are enjoying it if you have any
questions please feel free to ask all
right we'll talk soon on the next video